To Do-content 
Bride introduction
  bride-- A simple and fun loving girl with both modern and traditional beliefs.
Groom introduction
  groom -- An open minded cool calm and practical person with a positive attitude.
---------
Remove social media icons in bride and groom intro section
-----------
write about wedding ceremony and dinner
  We will be tying the knot to become together forever, Spare a day of yours to make our day spacial.  at 27th april wedding ceremony

-----------------------------
write about our story 
  1.In December 2020 middle of the corona life we saw each others matrimonial bio data 
  along with pictures, We started searching each other digitally. After some days Both 
  of our family mutually deceided our first family meeting at samea common place. 
  At 27 dec 2020 We meet each other for very first time in typical arrange marrige 
  meeting evironment between our families together. He is little shy and I am very nervouse 
  at that moment., We were formally greet each other and we spent 10 min alone time for 
  our first conversation. I like the way He makes me feel  very comfortable in just our 
  first interaction. After seven days of telephonic conversation at 5th of january 2021 
  we both said yes to our families and because we find perfect life partner for ourselves. 
  It was like love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight for us.


  2.first event Tilak ceremony 29th january2021 Her family arrived to my home to accept us 
  and shower blessings upon me We are the people who give priorities to our family values morals
  and traditional beliefs. we haven't meet each other for a month until the 
  first ceremony happened.

  3.our second meet the sec. event roka 31january2021- My family visit her place for 
  showering love and blessings upon her. On that day we are officially reserved for each other
  We are in love because the entire universe conspired to help us to find each other. 


  4.Engagement-27th feb 2021-Finally the day we got hitched and exchaged the ring 
  Her fingers entwined slowly with mine and suddenly life made sense. open quote
-------------------------------------
Megha- By choosing  you i choose happiness for life you are everything i have ever prayed for

Vivek- I love u not only for what u are but for what i am when i am with u


Vivek & megha large font and bold are getting married




She loves him more than he'll ever know and he loves her more than he'll ever show. We come to love not by finding a perfect person learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. 
You have me until every last star in the galaxy dies, you have me.

I love you thats the begining and end of  everything

The world seems somehow much quitter when you are next to me 
as though my senses cannot focus on anything  but you.

you are my today and all my tommorrows.

he's more myself than i am whatever our souls are made of his and mine are the same.
  
  

